c1

1. Define a project. What are five characteristics that help differentiate projects
	from other functions carried out in the daily operations of the organization?

	A project is a temporary endeavour to deliver a product/service/result that is
		in some sence, unique

	A project is different from the typical organizational tasks in a few ways:
	A project has some defined time, a begining and end
	A project has interplay by numerous different departments and specialists
	A project is composed of many diferent tasks towards some defined objective
	A project has defined some specifications considering time, cost and quality
	A project is unique and at least in some sence, is new


2. What are some of the key environmental forces that have changed the 
	way projects are managed? What has been the effect of these forces 
	on the management of projects?

	Compression of the prodt lifecyc, as technogical advances allow for more rapid
		throughput of new tech
	Knowledge explosion. Projects have become more complex as technological advances
		require projects to be completed better but in a more complex way
	Tripple bottom line. This stands for the fact that an organization cannot do whatever
		it takes to maximize profits. They have to follow regulations, pollute less etc
	Increased customer focus. As competition has increased, delivering with more emphasis
		on presicely what the customer wants has become a premium


3. Why is the implementation of projects important to strategic planning and the
project manager?
	
	Strategic planning refers to the way in which projects are chosen strategically
		best fit for the organization and the project manager needs to be able to implement
		projects sucessfully 
	

4. The technical and sociocultural dimensions of project management are two
sides to the same coin. Explain.

	These dimensions of a project, although different in nature, both serve as to implement
		a project sucessfully as both are necessary for good teamwork

5. What is meant by an integrative approach to project management? Why is this
approach important in today’s environment?

	Projects need to be integrated into the organziations strategy