c12
1. Why do firms outsource project work?
	There are many reasons to outsource work
	It allows for more flexibility as tasks have been outsourced and resources "freed" in the
		sence you dont need to allocate them on that task anymore
	It allows for more technological expertise on tasks that you simply arent staffed to deal with
	It may even reduce costs, especially if outsourced to countries like India or China
	The overall project may also benefit as it may be completed earlier


2. What are the best practices used by firms to outsource project work?
	Having well defined requirements described for the contractor and good practices aswell
	Training  personell effectively to work with people from other organizations
	Having a good conflict management plan laid out before conflicts materialize
	If possible, havng everyone in the same office, usually by renting an office space for your
		team and the contractors teama
	Dealing in fair contracts so the contractor feels that he benefits from your agreement
	Frequent reviews and status report to ensure that the contractor is on schedule relative to 
		yours
	Long term outsourcing relationships

3. What does the term “escalate” refer to, and why is it essential to project
	success?

	Conflicts can escalate to a real problem. Either when individual team members are arguing or 
		in negotiations over contracts, where either negotiator has become firm on a deal that 
		does not work, i.e isnt a win/win contract
	Managing a conflict before it excalates is essential to keep a project on track and spirits high

4. Why is the principled negotiation approach recommended for negotiating agree-
	ments on projects?

	Separate people from the problem
	Focus on interests
	Invent options for mutual gain
	Use objective criteria


5. What does the acronym BATNA refer to, and why is it important to being a
	successful negotiator?

	Best alternative to a negotiated agreement
	It means if the person you are negitiating with is unreasonable, either walk away or get the 
		best possible deal if you must, and then try not to do business with them again


6. How can a project manager influence customer expectations and perceptions?
	By directly dealing with the customer and speaking his language and being reasonable