c2
1. Describe the major components of the strategic management process.
	Review and define the organisational mission. 
		This is simply deciding what the organization wants to be
	Set long range goals and objectives
		Breaking the mission down into objectives
	Analyzing and formulating strategies to reach objectives
		Create plans to accomplish the objectives
	Implementing strategies through projects
		Choosing projects and completing them to move closer to the organizational mission

2. Explain the role projects play in the strategic management process.
	Implementing strategies to move closer to the organisational mission, is completing 
		projects

3. How are projects linked to the strategic plan?
	Completing a set of projects is completing the strategic plan

4. The portfolio of projects is typically represented by compliance, 
	strategic, and operations projects. What impact can this classification 
	have on project selection?

	Compliance are those that need to be completed, possibly with a deadline
	Operations projects support the organization, like reducing costs, improving
		performance, setting up a new office
	Strategic are those directly aimed at mhe organization closer to completing its "mission"
		to become what it wants to be

5. Why does the priority system described in this chapter require that it be open
	and published? Does the process encourage bottom-up initiation of projects?
	Does it discourage some projects? Why?

	So every member of the organization can understand why projects are chosen the way they are

6. Why should an organization not rely only on ROI to select projects?

	ROI or return on investment only addresses the financial factor

7. Discuss the pros and cons of the checklist versus the weighted factor 
	method of selecting projects.

	Checklist enables great precision as there can be a ton of questions in a checklist, however
		they arent that good in measuring projects against each other
	To measure projects a weighed method handles better 