c3

1. What are the relative advantages and disadvantages of the functional, matrix,
	and dedicated team approaches to managing projects?

	Functional:
		Requires no restructuring, staff is flexible, easy transition out of projects and
			epertise on projects with a narrow scope
		Lack of focus, poor integration, slow and lack of motivation

	Dedicated teams:
		Fast, high quality, cohesiveness, simple and memebers can be chosen more specifically
		However, more expensivee, dificulties in transitioning back into everyday work once project
			completes, limited tech knowledge
	Matrix:
		Efficient as there is never downtime for employees. Strong project focus and easy 
			post-project transition
		Stressfull, slow and dysfunctional conflicts between functional and project manager


2. What distinguishes a weak matrix from a strong matrix?
	In a weak matrix the functional manager has the final say in decisions but in strong
		matrices the project manager calls the shots
	Additionally, in a weak matrix there is not much difference from the functional organization
		except that a dedicated manager is overseeing the project, otherwise the usual hierarchy
		is in place, but in a strong matrix there is effort put into making if "feel" like there
			is a dedicated team effort in progress

3. Under what conditions would it be advisable to use a strong matrix instead of
	a dedicated project team?

	Where project integration is important and control over costs and the overall project is
		more important than technical quality of the product 

4. How can project management offices (POs) support effective project
	management?

	They monitor progress. Improve performance with consultation and trianing. They also provide
		training for project managers to improve their skills 

5. Why is it important to assess the culture of an organization before deciding
	what project management structure should be used to complete a project?

	Some organizational cultures cannot support some types of management

6. Other than culture, what other organizational factors should be used to deter-
	mine which project management structure should be used?

	How much of work performed is project work


7. What do you believe is more important for successfully completing a project—
	the formal project management structure or the culture of the parent
	organization?

	Project management structure