c8
1 How does resource scheduling tie to project priority?
	
	A project can have two leading priorities, either the project needs to complete on a set
		date, or it needs to complete on a specific budget
	If a project is time constrained, properly allocating resources to make the most of them
		will result in earlier completion in the project
	If the priority is to complete a project on cash budget rather than a time budget, fully 	
		utilizing resources is not the priority, rather making due with what there already is 
		at hand instead of aquiring more. This is accomplished by strategically delaying the
		right projects

2 How does resource scheduling reduce flexibility in managing projects?

	When scheduling resources by either delaying tasks or smoothing resource usage we are
		drawing out from the slack of tasks. Delaying a task by a single time unit will
			reduce its slack by a single time unit
		This in turn introduces, eventually, new critical paths

3 Present six reasons scheduling resources is an important task.
	Resource scheduling helps prepare a time-phased budget. It helps dealing with delays or
		prevent delays. Displays how much flexibility a project. Resource problems will arize if 
		they exists and can be avoided. If mangers from other departments need resources you have you might be able to reschedule to help him.
	

4 How can outsourcing project work alleviate the three most common problems
associated with multiproject resource scheduling?

	In a multiproject enviroment, there will be need to schedule resources both inside your project
		and also in terms of other projects that might need the same resources at the same time as your project. Outsourcing a task can help with that
	If there is schedule slippage, i.e delays, outsourzing to a contractor can help get back on 	track
	If there arent proper resources to finish a time constrained project on time, contractors can
		help with the outstanding tasks


5. Explain the risks associated with leveling resources, compressing or crash-
	ing projects, and imposed durations or “catch-up” as the project is being
	implemented.

	Leveling reduces slack, which can create new critical paths
	Compressing/crashing increases the cost and may create a new critical path into the bargain

6. Why is it critical to develop a time-phased baseline?
	To ensure that the project is on track budget wise. A project manager needs to be able
		to track costs so they dont overrun the allocated budget so the project doesnt run out
		of money, rendering it unable to complete when there might be little work left