c9
1. What are five common reasons for crashing a project?
	Some contracts offer a reward for completing early
	Delays can occur and getting the project back on schedule may be neccesary
	Business survival is dependant on rapid innovation and delivery
	Overhead costs and fixed costs can be significant
	A promised deadline


2. What are the advantages and disadvantages of reducing project scope to
	accelerate a project? What can be done to reduce the disadvantages?

	Reducing the scope is sugar talk for saying "making the product less good"
	Its simply reducing functionality.
	However that isnt necessarily such a bad thing. The scope can be re-evaluated to 
		notice better the functionalities that are of true value, meanwhile finding 
		functionalities that dont really add value to the project, or not significant enough

3. Why is scheduling overtime a popular choice for getting projects back on
	schedule? What are the potential problems for relying on this option?

	Scheduling overtime increases performance significantly without adding terrible costs. 
	If lucky, there will be many employees that would gladly accept some overtime.
	Adding overtime does cost, but not as much as other alternatives. You can always hire new people, but hiring new personell mid-project wont increase productivity linearily, as new 
	personell wont show up and become 100% eficient, they need time to catch up on the project, while workers doing overtime will simply begin (or rather continue) working

	The drawback of overtime is obvious, there can only be a certain amount of overtime before 
	workers become tired, decreasing overall productivity

4. Identify four indirect costs you might find on a moderately complex project.
	Why are these costs classified as indirect?

	Management. Housing. Accounting. Interests. Consultants. 

5. How can a cost–duration graph be used by the project manager? Explain.

	Helps him manage costs so they dont overrun, fx by having gone through 75% percent of the budget when the project is only 50% complete

6. Reducing the project duration increases the risk of being late. Explain.



7. It is possible to shorten the critical path and save money. Explain how.

	Crashing a task on the critical path might cost 100$, and shorten the total project duration
		by 1 week, and 1 week's housing rent, in addition to overhead, salary etc may cost 300$, saving 200$ and being faster