Name two categories of project risks, and give two examples for each of them.
	There are schedule risks, budget risks, operational risks, technical risks and programmatic risks

	Schedule risks are just what they sound like, the risk of running late. Obviously, running late
		occurs when estimates are significantly off. But projects get delayed as the scope expands,
		when some functionalities are shown to be more complex to implement than initially expected.
		In addition, if resources are tracked improperly, they cannot be expected to be fully utilized, and estimates for delivery are made assuming optimal utilization of resources

	Budget risks, like schedule risks, are also just what they sound like. Improper budget estimates
		and huge expansion in scope may avalanche the budget
		Frequent delays will cause budget overruns aswell as there is may be overhead costs that 
			are proportional to the direct costs of the project
		Underutilization of resources breeds the same budget overrun, as individual tasks may not
			necessarily be delayed, but simply not worked as resources arent utilized properly, delaying the project, creating overhead costs that do not serve to directly complete the
			project, just to house it and manage it

	Operational risks are in a sense the "root" of most of the reasons above. These are the effects
		of improper management or simply a bad company. Insufficient resources can overrun the budget of the project and delay it as a bonus. Even if there is enough resources to complete
			a project on time and budget, they may be managed poorly enough so that these resources
			might just as well not be present
		Unmentioned risks are badly managed conflicts that create a bad atmosphere and in turn, worse teamwork
		Failiure to assign responsibilities properly can greatly reduce the progression of a project
			when nobody seems to be in charge of anything

	Technical risks may sound like problems with coding, but they arent. Technical risks are 
		too frequent requirement changes or inadequate technology to implement program sucessfully
		or simply too complex

	Programmatic risks, more like technical risks, sound like problems with coding, but secretly, 		are	the risk factors that are out of reach for the project. Goverment rules may change
		as many programs are in some way fx responsible for money in some way, and in turn, taxes
		Worse yet is a software that unexpectedly became obsolete before it came out to the market

		Another risk is running out of funds without actually running out of funds. Senior management might reconsider the project and decide to cut its funding so severly that the 
		project must be cancelled. Or they might go bankrupt. Either way, the team is not at fault
		and could anticipate, but not migitate in any way, only accept