Glósa upp úr fyrirlestrum og viðeigandi kafla
1 Explain how software can be both a product and a vehicle that delivers a
product, and argue what that means for its creation process.
2 Explain the difference between sequential, iterative-incremental, agile and plan-
driven process models.
3 Discuss how Eisenhower’s statement “I have always found that plans are
useless, but planning is indispensable” could be interpreted in the context of
software engineering.

Sample Questions: The Unified Process
4 Explain the relationship of phases and activities in the Unified Process.
5 Explain how the phases of the Unified Process differ from the phases of the
waterfall model.
6 Explain how the goals of the Inception and Elaboration phase in the Unified
Process differ.

Sample Questions: Project Vision and Use Cases
7 Give an example of a vision statement that could appear in a RUP Vision and
Scope Document.
8 Point out issues with the following use cases: [...]
9 Explain the difference between use cases and user stories.
10 Discuss if user interface descriptions should be part of a use case.

Sample Questions: Project Management
11 Name two categories of project risks, and give two examples for each of them.
12 Explain how a risk-value matrix helps to prioritize risks.

Sample Questions: Software Architecture
13 Explain the difference between internal and external quality attributes, and give
two examples of each.
14 Explain how quality requirements can influence the design and implementation
of a system, and why they may require trade-offs.
15 Argue which of the following quality scenarios have no architectural impact: [...]

Sample Questions: Domain Models
16 Discuss advantages and limitations of using category lists to identify conceptual
classes.
17 Assume that an online store sells a variety of items that users can customize
(e.g. t-shirts in different sizes; coffee mugs with custom lettering etc.). Draw a
UML class diagram (as part of a domain model) showing how these items are
listed in the store’s inventory and in a customer’s order.
18 Explain the different meanings of arrows in UML sequence diagrams in a
domain model vs. in a design model.

Sample Questions: Behavior Modeling
19 Explain the difference between a decision node and a fork node in a UML
activity diagram.
20 Point out the modeling errors in the following UML activity diagram: [...]
21 Draw a UML state machine diagram modeling the following scenario: [...]

Sample Questions: Design Models and Patterns
22 Explain the issue addressed by the Creator and Expert Principles, and the
solution strategy recommended by them.
23 Assume you are asked to build a solution for the following scenario: [...] Draw a
UML class diagram (as part of a design model) illustrating your solution, using a
suitable design pattern.
24 Explain which design pattern has been used in the following model, and argue
whether you would have made the same choice: [...]

Sample Questions: Web Applications
25 Modify the following implementation of a Java class so it can function as a
controller in the Spring Web MVC framework: [...]
26 Implement the entity classes that are needed to let the Java Persistence API
handle the storage and retrieval of the following objects: [...]
27 Modify the following implementation of a JavaServer Page so that it displays the
property name of the object user that is stored in the current session, as well as
the request parameter language: [...]
28 Argue which HTTP request method you would use in order to transfer the
following data from a client to a server: [...]